Manifest-key-declarativeNetRequest (#4603)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/index.md

## Implementation details

### web_accessible_resources

> When an extension uses declarativeNetRequest APIs to redirect a public resource request to a resource that is not web accessible, it is blocked and will result in a net::ERR_UNSAFE_REDIRECT error. The above holds true even if the resource that is not web accessible is owned by the redirecting extension. To declare resources for use with declarativeNetRequest APIs, the `"web_accessible_resources"` array must be declared and populated in the manifest as documented [here](/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/web_accessible_resources/).

Reviewer: >net::ERR_UNSAFE_REDIRECT

This looks like C++ syntax, which means an extension developer will never see this string. This needs to be stated in terms of what an extension developer will see.

> When an extension uses declarativeNetRequest APIs to redirect a public resource request to a resource that is not web accessible, it is blocked and will result in a net::ERR_UNSAFE_REDIRECT error. The above holds true even if the resource that is not web accessible is owned by the redirecting extension. To declare resources for use with declarativeNetRequest APIs, the `"web_accessible_resources"` array must be declared and populated in the manifest as documented [here](/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/web_accessible_resources/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an extension uses declarativeNetRequest APIs to redirect a public resource request to a resource that is not web accessible, it is blocked and will result in a net::ERR_UNSAFE_REDIRECT error. The above holds true even if the resource that is not web accessible is owned by the redirecting extension. To declare resources for use with declarativeNetRequest APIs, populate the [`"web_accessible_resources"`](/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/web_accessible_resources/) array.
```

Reviewer: This does three things:
* Says it with fewer words.
* Changes it from active to passive voice.
* Makes the link sef-descriptive.

  `append` rules from the same extension.
- If a rule has removed a header, then lower priority rules cannot further modify the header.

### Interaction with cached pages

> When rules are applied to browsers with pages in the service worker's cached storage, the browser may ignore the set rule for those specific pages until the cached storage is cleared. This is because cached storage is intended to be persistent, and many features like offline use do not expect the cache to be cleared without also clearing the service worker's registration as well. For cases when extensions utilizing decrlarativeNetRequest must be enabled and disabled repeatedly, the [chrome.browsingData](/docs/extensions/reference/browsingData/) API can be used to clear the cache to guarantee proper functionality.

Reviewer: It's my understanding that there is only one service worker per extension.

> When rules are applied to browsers with pages in the service worker's cached storage, the browser may ignore the set rule for those specific pages until the cached storage is cleared. This is because cached storage is intended to be persistent, and many features like offline use do not expect the cache to be cleared without also clearing the service worker's registration as well. For cases when extensions utilizing decrlarativeNetRequest must be enabled and disabled repeatedly, the [chrome.browsingData](/docs/extensions/reference/browsingData/) API can be used to clear the cache to guarantee proper functionality.

Reviewer 2: I think this is talking about web service workers (which may cache responses in a way that it never reaches the extension) and not the single extension service worker 😅

> When rules are applied to browsers with pages in the service worker's cached storage, the browser may ignore the set rule for those specific pages until the cached storage is cleared. This is because cached storage is intended to be persistent, and many features like offline use do not expect the cache to be cleared without also clearing the service worker's registration as well. For cases when extensions utilizing decrlarativeNetRequest must be enabled and disabled repeatedly, the [chrome.browsingData](/docs/extensions/reference/browsingData/) API can be used to clear the cache to guarantee proper functionality.

Reviewer: @IanStanion-google I wouldn't make a blanket statement such as 'avoid saying the service worker'. 'A service worker seems like a correct choice for this context. 

Can we move this forward now?
